# 9 30 23

pitched a project that I somewhat think checks a lot of boxes: 1) a (somewhat) creative idea i thought of myself, that isn't just a natural continuation of existing work. 2) more computational than experimental. 3) some intuitive connection to how we think about movement ono a day to day. The main issues is that 1) it may be a very dumb idea, 2) potentially experimentally complicated.

The idea is to see whether population activity during movement has multiple interacting timescales. Neuronal activity evolves on a synaptic timescale, but behavior occurs on a larger behavioral timescale.  Is this behaviorall timescale just simply an emergent property of synaptic behavior? Or does the brain examine actions in a larger timescale as well. 

I'm thinking a potentail way to examine this is to fit models that incorporate population actiivty on two different timscales, and see if its a better way to fit network models that predict a neurons activity. s(x) = small timescale, b(x) = big timescale, neuron(x, t) = s(x, t-10...t-1) + b(x, t-100-t-1)

----------

i also am taking this signal processing class, and I want to really make concrete and relate a common set of "computational" frameworks of thinking about NEURAL ACTIVITYk, POPULATION STATE SPACE, VARIANCE, LINEAR MODELS, DIMESIONALITY REDUCTION, PROJECTION, LINEAR COMBINATION, COMPONENTS, MODES, SUBSPACES, MANIFOLDS. I do want to do a detailed, thorough writeup on this, and make extremely clear in my head what is what. 
