# little recap... end of november, 2022

an interesting period of my life where I think I'm a little unsure on what I shouuld spend my energy on. I recorded the special close to 4 months ago, and have been dabbling with some new material although I think I haven't writen something new that is very good yet. I started school which i'm enjoying and feeling reasonably motivated with, but I think I'm still trying to cclearly figure out what my grad school goals are. (although going to SfN and all the random neuroscience reading i've been doing recently have been very inspiring to try and do some serious work). i'd also like to teach more and get involved with some communnity work, but this has been slow. I also would like to take chess a little more seriously, but it is a very hard and frustrating game. climbing i enjoy, not sure if i really will ever have more goals with it than doing it consistently though, although i do have fantasies of being very strong. 

i think overall I'm trying to stay relaxed about things and enjoy this period of relative downtime. im' happy i feel reasonably fit and eating okay. occassionally nervous about what is now a very consistent weed schedule, but i think its okay. I think I need to do more new things in general, but it is hard as the things i've been spending time on my last 5-10 years have been growing and becoming exciting. 

sometimes it is hard to shake off the feeling that some upheaval will happen soon. sometimes i'm so happy things don't feel real. the sad and lonely moments are brief, rarely that deep of a pit, and tbh can offer a nice contrast. 
